doc: improvements to nRF Desktop and CAF documentation (#19719)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/ble_scan.rst

* Scan request

After the duration that is specified in the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_FORCED_SCAN_DURATION_S <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option, the module switches to regular scanning.
You can interrupt regular scanning by using connected peripherals.

> The scanning times out after the duration specified by :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_SCAN_DURATION_S <config_desktop_app_options>` if there are peripherals connected over Bluetooth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scanning times out after the duration specified in the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_SCAN_DURATION_S <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option if there are peripherals connected over Bluetooth.
```
